I'm sending this to you on a scheduled message so you all know what to do.  I been raptured.  As it is written in the Bible , the Lord raptured his Saints before the 7 year tribulation.  if you weren't taken don't worry you still have time to repent as believe Yeshua is Lord. but you are going to see utter hell on Earth the next 7 years. You may have to die for your beliefs but it is worth it.  Believe on the Lord, Jesus, accept him in your heart.  Never ever take the mark of the Beast and do not worship the image! You may have to die for Jesus but dont worry you're going to heaven with me I'll be waiting. 
               
If People All Over The World Have Suddenly Disappeared 

 
               
or Seem to Have Died

 
               
***READ this Letter - It Can SAVE You***

 
               
I am sorry you are reading this letter. If I had witnessed the instantaneous removal of every Jesus Follower from the Earth and the resulting chaos, I would be terrified. My goal in writing this is to help you survive. The Bible paints a picture of what has happened - and what will come about on the earth AFTER our disappearance.

 
               


 
               
WHAT HAS HAPPENED? 

 
               
(IT WAS NOT ALIENS - IT WAS NOT COVID OR A VARIANT.)

 
               
All of the people who trusted in the death of Jesus Christ and his resurrection for the forgiveness of their sins—Jesus followers or Christians—have bypassed death and gone to Heaven in a moment often called the Rapture. Those who have disappeared are safely home in Heaven. You may need to grieve their absence in your life for now, but Heaven can also be your destiny. Whatever your background, Jesus Christ is the key to unlock eternity with God and his followers.

 
               
John 14:1-4:  [Jesus speaking] "Do not let your hearts be troubled. You believe in God; believe also in me. My Father's house has many rooms; if that were not so, would I have told you that I am going there to prepare a place for you? And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come back and take you to be with me so that you also may be where I am."

 
               


 
               
1 Corinthians 15:51-52  “Listen, I tell you a mystery: We will not all sleep, but we will all be changed—in a flash, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trumpet. For the trumpet will sound, the dead will be raised imperishable, and we will be changed.”

 
               


 
               
1 Thessalonians 4:14-17 “For we believe that Jesus died and rose again, and so we believe that God will bring with Jesus those who have fallen asleep in him. 15 According to the Lord’s word, we tell you that we who are still alive, who are left until the coming of the Lord, will certainly not precede those who have fallen asleep. 16For the Lord himself will come down from heaven, with a loud command, with the voice of the archangel and with the trumpet call of God, and the dead in Christ will rise first. 17After that, we who are still alive and are left will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air. And so we will be with the Lord forever. 18Therefore encourage one another with these words.”

 
               


 
               
WHAT IS COMING?:

 
               
THE TRIBULATION is a 7-year period of God's judgment on the earth. Here's what the Bible tells us is coming next:

 
               
 
                
7 years that get progressively worse - a MIX of natural disaster and very terrifying supernatural events

 
                
The main focus of this time of judgment will be Israel.  Watch carefully what happens there. Its effects are global.

 
                
Watch for 2 men who are boldly preaching and performing miracles in Israel. God has sent them.

 
                
A one world government - 

 
                 
 
                  
Ruled over eventually by a single world leader (The Bible calls him Antichrist) 

 
                  
There will also be a globally unified religion under one world religious leader. (The Bible calls him False Prophet)

 
                 
 
                
All this may seem like a good idea at first, but roughly 3.5 years after were gone things take an ugly turn:

 
                 
 
                  
The world leader will exalt himself and even demand to be worshiped.

 
                  
The religious leader will be like his 2nd in command and will demand that everyone takes a mark of some kind on their hand or forehead. This will be a show of allegiance to the leader/Antichrist.

 
                  
Though you will not be able to participate in the economy without this mark, DO NOT TAKE THIS MARK! This is the most important thing I can tell you. Doing so will seal you with an eternity in Hell, literally.

 
                 
 
               
 
               
The Bible gives an advance warning about this:

 
               
REVELATION 13:16 - (This Religious Leader) "forced all people, great and small, rich and poor, free and slave, to receive the mark on their right hands or on their foreheads, so that they could not buy or sell unless they had the mark, which is the name of the beast or the number of its name. This calls for wisdom. Let the person who has insight calculate the number of the beast, for it is the number of a man. That number is 666.”

 
               


 
               
What that will look like I don't know - but the Bible, in Revelation 14, makes clear the consequences of taking this mark. Rev. 14:9-12 - “A third angel followed them and said in a loud voice: “If anyone worships the beast and its image and receives its mark on their forehead or on their hand, they, too, will drink the wine of God’s fury, which has been poured full strength into the cup of his wrath. They will be tormented with burning sulfur in the presence of the holy angels and of the Lamb. And the smoke of their torment will rise for ever and ever. There will be no rest day or night for those who worship the beast and its image, or for anyone who receives the mark of its name.” This calls for patient endurance on the part of the people of God who keep his commands and remain faithful to Jesus.”

 
               


 
               
Make no mistake - this decision to NOT take the mark will probably cost you your life.

 
               
Revelation 20:4 shows what this will cost you: "And I saw the souls of those who had been beheaded because of their testimony about Jesus and because of the word of God. They had not worshiped the beast or its image and had not received its mark on their foreheads or their hands. They came to life and reigned with Christ a thousand years:'

 
               


 
               
At the end of these 7 years, Jesus returns to overthrow Satan and the leaders of the world and to establish His Kingdom here. Being a part of THAT Kingdom forever will be the reward for being faithful to Jesus during this 7 year tribulation period.

 
               


 
               
IT IS TIME TO RETHINK YOUR BELIEF SYSTEM:

 
               
 
                
Perhaps you thought you were a “good enough” person without the need of Jesus, but you were LEFT BEHIND. According to Romans 3:23, each one of us has sinned and fallen short of the glory of God.

 
                
In Matthew 7:23, folks who thought they had heaven nailed with good works were quite surprised. Jesus said, “I never knew you.” I suspect many who have been LEFT BEHIND are shocked. Some apparently thought of Jesus as the Savior, but they did not have a relationship with Him. I know who the President is, but I do not personally know him. There is a huge difference between factual knowledge and a relationship. I invite you to really know, love, and serve Jesus Christ.  

 
                
You may have even repeated a prayer to accept Jesus as your Savior but didn’t really know what that meant. Your attempt may have been to just get a “get out of jail free” card or “fire insurance” policy.

 
                
Perhaps you shut out Jesus because the church or “Christians” offended you. Jesus followers are sinners who are trying to learn and follow his ways. Don’t miss Heaven because of us. To evaluate Christianity—consider Jesus Christ. Jesus is holy, but He is also inviting, humble, and offering forgiveness with grace to all who ask.

 
                
“Good enough” doesn’t work, “Good works” doesn’t work, and criticizing Christians doesn’t work either. Please admit your own need for God’s intervention while you still have the opportunity. According to the prophecies of the Bible which predicted the rapture, a huge percentage of the earth’s population will die during the Tribulation.  

 
                
Perhaps your family was faithful, and you figured their good works and many prayers were your ticket into heaven. You were LEFT BEHIND. Jesus’ death on the cross is the only valid ticket, but you must personally believe in Him to receive it.

 
                
Perhaps you had entirely dismissed Christianity as boring, ridiculous or irrelevant. Being LEFT BEHIND is your wake-up-call! Please commit to following Jesus, and find a Bible!

 
               
 
               
What do you need to do from here? 

 
               
Repent and believe in Jesus! Doing so can still save you! The Bible says that we are saved through faith in Jesus - a 100% gift from God, out of the riches of His mercy and grace. Don't think you have to be good enough to somehow earn it. You can't.

 
               


 
               
A - Admit you are a sinner:  You have to understand that NO ONE deserves being saved by what they do. The Bible tells us about the sinful nature of EVERYONE:

 
               


 
               
EPHESIANS 2:4-5, 8-9: "But because of his great love for us, God, who is rich in mercy, 5made us alive with Christ even when we were dead in transgressions—it is by grace you have been saved..” 8-9 “For it is by grace you have been saved, through faith—and this is not from yourselves, it is the gift of God— not by works, so that no one can boast."

 
               


 
               
ROMANS 3:10-12: As it is written: "There is no one righteous, not even one; there is no one who understands;

 
               
there is no one who seeks God. All have turned away, they have together become worthless; there is no one who

 
               
does good, not even one.”

 
               


 
               
ROMANS 3:23-25: "For all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God"; "and all are justified freely

 
               
by his grace through the redemption that came by Christ Jesus. God presented Christ as a sacrifice of atonement,

 
               
through the shedding of his blood—to be received by faith:'

 
               


 
               
ROMANS 5:12: "Therefore, just as sin entered the world through one man, and death through sin, and in this way death came to all people, because all sinned.”

 
               


 
               
ROMANS 6:23: "For the wages of sin is death but the gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord." 

 
               


 
               
B - Believe that Jesus’ Death and Resurrection is the ONLY THING that saves you:   Place your faith - for the forgiveness of your sins - in the work of Jesus Christ on the cross. His death on the cross, was GOOD NEWS - (the biblical word is "gospel").  It means Jesus paid the penalty that your sin deserved.

 
               


 
               
ROMANS 5:8: "But God demonstrates his own love for us in this: While we were still sinners, Christ died for us:'

 
               


 
               
1 CORINTHIANS 15:2-4: "By this gospel you are saved, if you hold firmly to the word I preached to you.

 
               
Otherwise, you have believed in vain. For what I received I passed on to you as of first importance: that Christ

 
               
died for our sins according to the Scriptures, that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day according to

 
               
the Scriptures."

 
               


 
               
JOHN 3:16-18: "For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in Him

 
               
shall not perish but have eternal life. For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but

 
               
to save the world through Him. Whoever believes in Him is not condemned, but whoever does not believe stands

 
               
condemned already because they have not believed in the name of God's one and only Son.”

 
               


 
               
John 14:6: [Jesus speaking] "I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me?'

 
               


 
               
C-Confess this and call on Jesus to save you from the punishment & penalty of your sin.  Commit to serve Him as God, the Lord of your life.

 
               


 
               
Romans 10:9-10,13: "If you declare with your mouth, "Jesus is Lord:' and believe in your heart that God raised Him from the dead, you will be saved. For it is with your heart that you believe and are justified, and it is with your mouth that you profess your faith and are saved:'  13: "Everyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved."

 
               


 
               
I John 1:8-10  “If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us. If we confess our sins, He is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. If we say that we have not sinned, we make Him a liar, and His word is not in us.”

 
               


 
               
WHAT DO YOU NEED TO DO to go to heaven, to have eternal life, to be saved by the blood of the Lamb, to be born again, to get adopted into His family? These expressions all describe a relationship with God the Father by means of trusting his only Son, Jesus Christ, as your Savior and serving him as Lord. Jesus described himself as the Way, the Truth and the Life. (John 14:6) To initiate this relationship, talk with God. According to Revelation 3:20, Jesus is awaiting an invitation into your life. Prayer is a conversation with God, your Creator. Since He is present everywhere, you can speak aloud, write it out, or simply order thoughts in your head, and He will hear you.

 
               


 
               
You can pray something like this:

 
               
Dear God, I agree with you that I am a sinner and I need your forgiveness because it separates me from you.  Thank you for loving me so much that you sent your Son, Jesus Christ, to pay the penalty for my sin. I know I can never be good enough to earn salvation because it is a gift from you.  I believe Jesus Christ lived a sinless life and was crucified, died, and was buried. After three days, You raised Him to life again. I am sorry and repent/turn away from my sins.  I invite you Jesus to come into my life as my Savior. I accept your free gift of salvation and eternity with you. I place my trust in You only. Thank you Jesus. From this moment my life is yours.  Amen.

 
               


 
               
If you prayed this and truly meant it with all your heart, welcome to the family of God!

 
               


 
               
WHAT’S NEXT?

 
               
GET A BIBLE and READ IT - You will find at least one in this home.  You are caught up in a war between the enemy of our souls (Satan, the Devil/the Father of Lies) and Almighty God and his army of angels. It is clear God will win, but there will be many casualties. By studying the Bible, you can gain some idea of what is coming, your role, resources, and gain strength for your battles ahead. (Revelation 12:11, Ephesians 6). You can start by reading the book of Matthew to learn more about Jesus.  All of it is important to know.  Revelation (the last book of the Bible) chapter 8 through the end is what's coming next. It is written in sometimes symbolic language, but it lays out in detail what's coming. 

 
               


 
               
EMBRACE HOPE Jesus will return as the conquering, victorious King of Kings. Connect intimately with God and other Jesus followers. Read the Bible; learn to recognize the Shepherd’s Voice. (John 10:4) Sometimes a Bible verse or passage just comes alive and seems to speak to you personally. Perhaps you have a new idea that answers a question you have asked Him. Often, the Lord repeats Himself. He will give me a thought that I later recognize in a Bible verse, and I hear the same thing in a sermon. God answers us in a variety of ways. The best way to recognize His voice is to read the books Matthew, Mark, Luke and John again and again to get better acquainted with Him, His sayings, His ways, and His truth. Knowing and loving God is the top priority. 

 
               
REVISE YOUR THINKING and LIFESTYLE Become a spiritual and physical soldier—alert and observant, disciplined, obedient to God, mobile and unencumbered, strong and able to endure hardship.  I suggest you move into survival mode. Forget luxuries. Identify the essentials that are needed: food and the means to cook it, water, clothing for seasonal weather, good shoes, and shelter. In your thinking, go past “camping” to “disaster.” Hard times are coming.  I expect that your survival depends on your ability to function outside the system because the enemy is in power. Get smart. Get offline. Be careful who you trust.

 
               
Please use this home and all of its resources to help make it through these difficult coming years. If there are pets still here, information about caring for them is on a separate sheet.

 
               


 
               
Please know this: YOU HAVE BEEN PRAYED FOR, and if you believe and accept Christ, we will meet one day in Heaven!!! Anticipate the Joy of his Return, the Hope of Glory, the Beauty of a New Earth and New Heaven.

 
               


 
               
In Christ’s love and prayer

 
              
 
             
 
            


Sent with Proton Mail secure email.
